10.2/Raid/8 - Tindral.md, before:

![[Pasted image 20231102232215.png]]


**Fight Style:** Single-Target fight with occasional burst AoE
**Recommended Setup:** 2 Tanks / 5 Healers / 13 DPS
**Useful utilities:** Tiger’s Lust, Hand of Freedom, Roars/Speed Totem, Personal Root removal abilities, experience with Super Mario games.
**Hero/Lust usage:** Phase 3

**Tank Notes**

###### Build Recommendations
Monk
DH
Druid

##### Written Guides
Mythic 

Heroic

[Tindral by Questionably Epic](https://questionablyepic.com/amirdrassil-the-dreams-hope-raid/tindral/)
[Tindral Heroic Guide by Method](https://www.method.gg/guides/amirdrassil-the-dreams-hope/tindral-sageswift-heroic)
[Tindral Boss Guide by ExpCarry](https://expcarry.com/tindral-sageswift-boss-guide-wow-raid)


##### Video Guides
Mythic


[Mythic Tindral - First Look - All you need to know by Stankie Gaming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDAnVf8Wt9Y&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)



Heroic

[Heroic Tindral Preview by Ready Check Pull](https://youtu.be/yGX_AvsdqB8?t=428)
[Heroic Tindral - Everything You need to know by Stankie Gaming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8QoKhNqG78&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Guide for Lazy Raiders by Quazii](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIfVYzrkLGg&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Guide by Team Liquid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BN3E7buLQ1A&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindrral Raid Guide by ScruffyGG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AS7tMUa7VDA&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)


##### POVs
Mythic

[Mythic Tindral PTR Testing & Commentary by Dratnos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xntInzavkVI&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Mythic Tindrral PTR Testing Warlock POV by Kalamazi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-kkHLh6Vkg&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Mythic Tindral PTR Mage POV by Hopeful](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xl-YWAjGuuM&t=2507s)
[Mythic TIndral Raid Testing by Doctorio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPuwu1OLFQw&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)



Heroic

[Heroic Tindral PTR Testing & Commentary by Dratnos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnSHoczWV9w&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral PTR Testing Warlock POV by Kalamazi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWnRidblJvk&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Raid Testing Shadow Priest POV by Publik](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=et_2KuGVx_k&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Raid Testing by Doctorio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTbJZN6z4Ls&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[PTR Heroic Tindral Resto Druid POV by Layria](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg3vgpnVKoI&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Raid Testing Shadow Priest POV by Not Forgotten](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cVPNppjDWk&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)


##### Search Tools
[Tindral Inoreader Search](https://www.inoreader.com/folder/Tindral)
[Tindral Youtube Search](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=tindral&sp=EgIIAg%253D%253D)
[Tindral Google Search](https://www.google.com/search?q=tindral+wow&tbs=qdr%3Ad&sxsrf=AM9HkKmv2yn4DOukxZEJv5ZOJ5j9Vgn08Q%3A1699218591617&uact=5)

Commit message:

Initial notes on Tindral and moving pasted images to attachment folder.

10.2/Raid/8 - Tindral.md, after:

![[Pasted image 20231102232215.png]]


**Fight Style:** Single-Target fight with occasional burst AoE
**Recommended Setup:** 2 Tanks / 5 Healers / 13 DPS
**Useful utilities:** Tiger’s Lust, Hand of Freedom, Roars/Speed Totem, Personal Root removal abilities, experience with Super Mario games.
**Hero/Lust usage:** Phase 3


**Summary**
Chase Tindral around Amirdrassil on your dragons, interrupting his attempts to drop a dying star to destroy the tree. Chaotic amounts of mechanics will meet you at every phase as the boss tries to race you to the end of the world.

##### Core Mechanics


##### **Tank Notes**

##### Shit to Avoid

##### Mythic Changes

##### Build Recommendations
Monk
DH
Druid

##### Written Guides
Mythic 

Heroic

[Tindral by Questionably Epic](https://questionablyepic.com/amirdrassil-the-dreams-hope-raid/tindral/)
[Tindral Heroic Guide by Method](https://www.method.gg/guides/amirdrassil-the-dreams-hope/tindral-sageswift-heroic)
[Tindral Boss Guide by ExpCarry](https://expcarry.com/tindral-sageswift-boss-guide-wow-raid)


##### Video Guides
Mythic


[Mythic Tindral - First Look - All you need to know by Stankie Gaming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xDAnVf8Wt9Y&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)



Heroic

[Heroic Tindral Preview by Ready Check Pull](https://youtu.be/yGX_AvsdqB8?t=428)
[Heroic Tindral - Everything You need to know by Stankie Gaming](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8QoKhNqG78&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Guide for Lazy Raiders by Quazii](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fIfVYzrkLGg&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Guide by Team Liquid](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BN3E7buLQ1A&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindrral Raid Guide by ScruffyGG](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AS7tMUa7VDA&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)


##### POVs
Mythic

[Mythic Tindral PTR Testing & Commentary by Dratnos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xntInzavkVI&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Mythic Tindrral PTR Testing Warlock POV by Kalamazi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8-kkHLh6Vkg&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Mythic Tindral PTR Mage POV by Hopeful](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xl-YWAjGuuM&t=2507s)
[Mythic TIndral Raid Testing by Doctorio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iPuwu1OLFQw&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)



Heroic

[Heroic Tindral PTR Testing & Commentary by Dratnos](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tnSHoczWV9w&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral PTR Testing Warlock POV by Kalamazi](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MWnRidblJvk&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Raid Testing Shadow Priest POV by Publik](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=et_2KuGVx_k&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Raid Testing by Doctorio](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tTbJZN6z4Ls&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[PTR Heroic Tindral Resto Druid POV by Layria](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vg3vgpnVKoI&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)
[Heroic Tindral Raid Testing Shadow Priest POV by Not Forgotten](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5cVPNppjDWk&pp=ygUHdGluZHJhbA%3D%3D)


##### Search Tools
[Tindral Inoreader Search](https://www.inoreader.com/folder/Tindral)
[Tindral Youtube Search](https://www.youtube.com/results?search_query=tindral&sp=EgIIAg%253D%253D)
[Tindral Google Search](https://www.google.com/search?q=tindral+wow&tbs=qdr%3Ad&sxsrf=AM9HkKmv2yn4DOukxZEJv5ZOJ5j9Vgn08Q%3A1699218591617&uact=5)
